then yesterday evening on Italy 1 in second
In the evening half were lost
the episode sent a
service on video games and on
dependency they can create on
people the hyena in question listing
all possible damages that these
video games usually online can
create you fake an employee of
video games and went with one
hidden camera to hear what
it happened in clinics and therapeutics
where people can detoxify has
explained what has changed since the 1980s
today, for example , more and more realism
high is increasingly true that we find
now in the new video games that
indeed it can contribute very well
to addiction because if a person
he wants to escape from his real life yes
identifies with a video game that is always
more true, more like a life
she was even real
interviewed a house manufacturer
of Italian music to understand what
think more about what they are
marketing and psychological strategies
to sell a video game
because you know behind the video game there is a
absurd marketing just think of the
number years more than a billion euros
earned from every videogame home for
a title took as an example of gta
5 which cost 250 million euros but
that in the first three days it has collected
a billion you can very well understand from
just as much as the gynaeceum shrink for
to sell a video game to all
costs to people and service yes
concludes with the philosopher ax who says
who takes it seriously
call of duty is a jerk because you don't
was understood
and so far so good but then where
they got it wrong what's wrong with it
this service is wrong first
exploit to dress video games and
say that they are the evil that I am
addiction and what they can cause
only the pain but sorry but one
what but if on call of duty it is written
peggy 18 if a dad with to call of
duty to his 12 year old son but who
fuck to see
take is obvious that this little boy I
he goes into paranoia because he is still an infant
because a kid still can't
to distinguish reality from fantasy not
why he is a jerk but why
simply not yet the mind
developed and does not yet have the
adult responsibility therefore a
carefree child kills the Viet Cong on
call of duty and is happy and passes us the
hours for the older ones instead is
simply a matter of strength of
will or even a question of
brain
ok is a sentence taken for granted and imbecile but
actually j ax is right not
you have to take a video game seriously
who does it is a jerk though the service
it's wrong because it's not just i
video games cause these things because
crucify video games as gta 5
hours dead redemption in short all the
violent video games and not crucify
the TV series the film because a parent
should be happy if your own
son look at the passion rather
playing gta 5 is not the same thing
blood dead people crucified Jesus who
suffer
at this point it is better gta 5 not for
obviously being transferred is this
it's not good it's always made to stop
to superficiality and not to think that
maybe in the world of things they do
suffer people and cause
there are so many diseases
but no here in Italy you have to take
always minor things and magnify them
this, moreover, the country of newscasts
who ridicule cosplayer gods
TV news programs that advise against
buy violent video games because
they are bad for your health
but guys but enough but you have it too
broken cock is not the fault of
video game if you become sick is fault
our
evidently the people passing by
eighteen hours per pc without working without
eat and take care of
family is because they want it because they have
of problems because it does not know how to relate
with people
then he prefers to spend his whole
day on the internet because he thinks that there
will breed a day somehow and
so on for days and days and weeks
and years so just break my balls
on things that
do not exist I grew up with i
video games with stupid video games
with violent video games with i
complicated video games yet they are not
in the serial killer or a mentally ill
oh my God if video games attack but maybe
then they are sick of video games
otherwise not and this applies to everyone
those who watch this video but
you don't feel a little pissed off
do not believe that they have ridiculed us
a little solve the problem of
simple video game disease is enough
unplug but for these shit
where the plug is, let's get everyone off the hook
together let me know as always what
think about this service
and if you agree with us we will
let's see in the next video that you
I recommend do not be fooled and
keep playing video games if you do n't
kill